# Optimizing an ML Pipeline in Azure

## Overview
This project is part of the Udacity Azure ML Nanodegree.
In this project, we build and optimize an Azure ML pipeline using the Python SDK and a provided Scikit-learn model.
This model is then compared to an Azure AutoML run.

## Summary
**In 1-2 sentences, explain the problem statement: e.g "This dataset contains data about... we seek to predict..."**
The problem statement is about the "Bank Marketing Campaign" to classify whether the customer with opt for Term Deposit or not.
This is the standard classification problem, where the machine learning model will help in accurate prediction of clients subscribing for Term deposits.
The dataset used is the Bank Marketing Dataset.

**In 1-2 sentences, explain the solution: e.g. "The best performing model was a ..."**
The problem supposed to use two difference approaches. One of the appraoch is  the Microsoft azure hyperdrive which gave an accuracy of 91.67%. The second approach was the Microsoft AutoML which gave an accuracy of 91.74%. 
The best performing model was a Voting ensemble model which was produced by the AutoML.

## Scikit-learn Pipeline
**Explain the pipeline architecture, including data, hyperparameter tuning, and classification algorithm.**

**What are the benefits of the parameter sampler you chose?**

**What are the benefits of the early stopping policy you chose?**

## AutoML
**In 1-2 sentences, describe the model and hyperparameters generated by AutoML.**

## Pipeline comparison
**Compare the two models and their performance. What are the differences in accuracy? In architecture? If there was a difference, why do you think there was one?**

## Future work
**What are some areas of improvement for future experiments? Why might these improvements help the model?**

## Proof of cluster clean up
**If you did not delete your compute cluster in the code, please complete this section. Otherwise, delete this section.**
**Image of cluster marked for deletion**
